adding article to forms docs regarding removing built in fields (#5486)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-forms/developer/extending/excluding-a-built-in-field.md

# Excluding a Built-in Field

Umbraco Forms comes with some built-in fields however it is possible to exclude/remove them if necessary.

> There might some use cases where you have no use for file upload and don't want editors using them. Or it could be there's some new functionality you need you want to build yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There might some use cases where you have no use for file upload and don't want editors using them. Or perhaps you want to remove a field to replace it with one with enhanced functionality that you build yourself.
```

## Example

The following class shows how to exclude built-in field types using a custom composer. The `Password`, `Recaptcha2` and `RichText` field types (or "answers") will no longer be available for selection when creating a form in the backoffice.

```csharp
using Umbraco.Forms.Core.Providers;
using Umbraco.Forms.Core.Providers.FieldTypes;

> namespace MyNamespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion

namespace MyNamespace
```
